this delta fan we meanwhile
They know how to call a healing fan
maybe from an older pcgh in
danger video
now they want two new pope
imagine fan
up to 14,000 revolutions per minute
create and a power consumption of
Up to 50 watts have this 120 mm
Fans should still be in from the pcgh
danger video in issue 05 2000
but this model only reaches 4000
turns per minute
with the help of the online shop pc cooling
we have two industry fans of
Pope raised it in the PC load
the corner certainly does not exist to buy
we had to attach the ventilation connections
still solder on this model
at our test pc with a core 2
quad q6600 we have the tension on 1
5 volts raised more heat
produce
in the first test must be a commercial
80 mm delta fan 25 euro show how
the curve performances fail
the 95 serves as load test with
5700 revolutions per minute and 13 18
the delta fan from one
distance of one meter significantly
hear
krautheim shows one after five minutes
temperature of a maximum of 63 degrees celsius
on
now the well-known hovercraft
Fans prove their qualities under proof
put
17.7 son we measure at this 120 mm
Model that value should the Pope
outbid fan with ease
the cpu kernels remain at around four
Celsius cooler than with the 80 mm
delta fan no here is just starting
no 122 rector to hear is rather
the study noise is eight kilometers
the fan with a power input
from around 40 watts reaches up to 31.4
son or 77 pda
the cooling performance improves
compared to the quieter the delta fan
not what shows that air cooling here
its limits when it comes to it
to cool a small area
Finally, they hear that pope
Model with a power consumption of
50 watts and a size of 2 19
our conclusion is the pope fan
demonstrate their impressive
incredible sound
In practical terms , these are suitable
But only a huge gap
generate electricity for example as
housing fan
who is actually loud or human?
pope fan we do that
unusual comparison that was true
quite impressive that some colleagues
in the treatment of aggression therapy
still no progress
but air is coming against two pope
the human organ